BY ORDER OF
THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE AND
THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY,
TO GEORGE ANSON BLANE,
A SERGEANT IN THE
347th REGIMENTAL COMBAT TEAM.
ON THE NIGHT
OF OCTOBER 10-11, 1952,
AT THE RISK OF HIS LIFE
AND UNDER MASSIVE ENEMY FIRE,
ADVANCED UPON AND DESTROYED
AN ENEMY TANK ON HILL 242--
PO CHIN, KOREA--
HIS ACTIONS SAVING
THE LIFE OF HIS PLATOON...
AND CONTRIBUTED GREATLY
TO THE SUCCESS OF
THE SUBSEQUENT COUNTERATTACK.
FOR ACTION
IN THE HIGHEST TRADITION
OF THE ARMED SERVICES,
GEORGE ANSON BLANE IS HEREBY
AWARDED THE SILVER STAR.
CONGRATULATIONS, SIR.
HEY.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
YOUR BOSS TONIGHT.
PERSONAL BUSINESS.
HOW'S YOUR BOYFRIEND?
[ Chuckles ]
I DON'T UNDERSTAND MEN.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
THEY'RE JUST LIKE WOMEN.
IF YOU'RE NICE TO 'EM,
THEY LIKE YOU.
IF YOU SHOOT 'EM, THEY DIE.
[ Phone Ringing ]
SIDESHOW.
WHAT IS THE COLOR
OF THE DAY, PLEASE?
[ Woman On Phone ]
THE COLOR OF THE DAY IS YELLOW.
AND WHAT IS OUR ANIMAL?
IT IS A ROBIN.
AND WHAT IS OUR
LAST MYSTERY CATEGORY?
IT IS THE CITY OF ST. LOUIS.
HOW'S THE WEATHER DOWN THERE?
THE WEATHER DOWN HERE IS--
[ Mouthing Words ]
IS ICE AND SNOW.
CONFIRMED. Y'ALL HAVE
A GOOD NIGHT, SIDESHOW.
SAME TO YOU, WASHINGTON.
SIDESHOW OUT.
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
WE PUT YOU AND JONAS
BACK IN THE OLD ROOM
IN THE ATTIC.
HE'D BE HAPPY SLEEPING
IN A HOLLOW LOG.
WE WOULD'VE PUT YOU
IN THE FRONT ROOM,
BUT HAROLD'S BOY, YOU KNOW,
WAS DUE TO STAY THERE
WITH HIS WIFE.
HIS WIFE IS EXPECTING.
OH. SO YOU HAVE BEEN
READING MY LETTERS.
HAVE YOU BEEN READING MINE?
THE FEW I GET.
[ Laughter ]
AN AO DAI,
WHICH, I AM ABOUT TO DISCOVER,
IS A GARMENT WITH
VERY LITTLE FASTENING.
- MMM!
- NOW, AT FIRST--
[ Molly ]
DON'T LET ME DISTURB YOU.
OH. OH, NO.
POPS WAS JUST GIVING US
A LESSON IN WORLD POLITICS.
MM-HMM.
WELL, DON'T FORGET,
AS YOU'RE TALKING
WORLD POLITICS,
THAT THERE ARE YOUNG,
UNMARRIED LADIES PRESENT.
- [ Doorbell Rings ]
- I'LL GET IT.
[ Children Giggling ]
OH! COME ON IN.
YOU MUST BE TEESHA.
I'M YOUR AUNT MOLLY.
JONAS'S WIFE.
YOUR HUSBAND'S, I BELIEVE,
AUNT BY MARRIAGE.
I'M SORRY I'M LATE, GRANDMA.
WE HAD SOME TROUBLE AT HOME.
WELL, YOU WOULD'VE BEEN PROUD
OF YOUR GRANDFATHER.
TEESHA.
[ Chuckles ]
YOU COME WITH ME.
I'VE PUT YOU IN THE FRONT ROOM.
I'M GONNA DRAW YOU A BATH
AND GET YOU SOMETHING TO EAT.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT, MAMA.
[ Teesha ]
I'M FINE.
- DON'T YOU DISPUTE ME.
- [ George ]
DARRYL!
WELL, BOY, LOOK AT YOU.
DARRYL, THE LAST TIME I SAW YOU,
I HAD TO STOOP AND SQUINT
JUST TO PICK YOU OUT.
WELL, I SEE THEY GOT YOU
EARNING YOUR MONEY
OVER THERE, SON.
YES, SIR.
THEY'VE GOT ME EARNING MY MONEY.
WELL, I HOPE
THEY DON'T HAVE YOU
DOING ANYTHING DANGEROUS.
NO, NO. DON'T DO
ANYTHING DANGEROUS.
DO THAT, THEY MIGHT GIVE YOU
FIVE CENTS WORTH OF TIN...
50 YEARS LATER.
IF THEY THINK OF IT.
[ Sniffles ]
DAD, HOW LONG WERE YOU
ON THAT TROOP SHIP?
SON, I WAS ON THAT TROOP SHIP
ABOUT 145 YEARS.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING
ON THAT SHIP, UNCLE GEORGE?
[ George ] WELL, BILLY,
I SEEM TO REMEMBER
THAT I WAS PLAYING CARDS.
EXCUSE ME, POP.
NOW, IN THOSE DAYS,
YOU JUST--
[ Arguing, Indistinct ]
[ Teesha ]
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
[ Darryl ]
SHUT UP, RIGHT NOW! SHUT UP!
[ Slapping Sounds ]
[ Sobbing ]
[ Panting ]
STOP IT!
[ Sobbing ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Liquid Pouring ]
[ Alarm Blaring ]
[ Man ] STAND BY.
[ Woman ]
NOT RESPONDING.
[ Phone Ringing ]
SIDESHOW.
NEGATIVE.
WE DON'T--
NO, AFFIRMATIVE.
I'VE GOT IT.
YOU CAN CUT THAT OFF NOW.
ARE YOU SCRAMBLING?
OTHER SIDEBAND, PLEASE.
[ Woman ]
STAND BY ON THAT.
[ Man On Speaker ]
I SAY AGAIN, RESPOND. THIS IS
THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE.
YOU ARE ENTERING
RESTRICTED AIRSPACE.
IDENTIFY YOURSELF IMMEDIATELY.
THEY SCRAMBLING?
THEY ARE NOW.
UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT, YOU ARE
ABOUT TO ENTER THE RESTRICTED
AIRSPACE OF INDIANAPOLIS.
- WHAT HAVE YOU GOT?
WHAT'S THE RADAR SAY?
- [ Phone Ringing ]
SIDESHOW.
YES, SIR.
YES, SIR,
THEY'RE SCRAMBLING.
THIS IS THE U.S. AIR FORCE.
- NO, SIR, WE DO NOT.
- PLEASE IDENTIFY YOURSELF
AND STATE YOUR EMERGENCY.
YES, SIR, WE WILL.
YES, SIR.
SHOULD WE GO TO THE BUNKER,
WE WILL, AS PER PROCEDURE,
INFORM YOU OF THAT MOVE.
UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT,
OFF YOUR LEFT WING
YOU WILL SEE TWO F-15s.
THEY WILL ESCORT YOU
TO THE NEAREST AIRFIELD.
[ Pilot On Radio ]
THIS IS PEREGRINE ONE
MOVING INTO TRAIL FORMATION.
[ Man On Radio ]
ROGER THAT.
CAN YOU GET A VISUAL?
MOVING UP ON PORT SIDE OF BOGEY.
OH, LORD. OH, LORD.
SOMEBODY HELP ME.
I, UH--
I CAN'T--
IT'S A BizJet.
UH-HUH.
WINDSTREAM 45--
[ Man ] WINDSTREAM PILOT,
PLEASE IDENTIFY YOURSELF
AND STATE YOUR EMERGENCY.
AIR FORCE SAYS--
[ Man #2 ]
I'M UP HERE. I'M UP HERE.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN
IN THE RIGHT-HAND SEAT.
PILOT SEEMS SLUMPED OVER.
[ Man #2 ]
I DON'T KNOW HOW
TO FLY A PLANE.
[ Mack ]
WHAT DID HE SAY?
I CAN'T FLY A PLANE,
AND THE PILOT'S DEAD.
[ Call And Response ]
* FIRED UP
FIRED UP *
* TWENTY-SEVEN
* HERE WE GO
ON THE ROAD *
* TWENTY-SEVEN
FIRED UP *
* FIRED UP
* TWENTY-SEVEN
FIRED UP **
PEREGRINE TWO,
WHAT IS YOUR STATE?
MAINTAINING TRAIL FORMATION.
ANGEL'S 22, 350 KNOTS.
VISUAL CONTACT WITH BOGEY.
WINDSTREAM 458.
PLACE: BizJet.
TAIL: NOVEMBER-3-5-NINER-
DELTA-TANGO.
REGISTERED TO--
- [ Man On Radio ]
3-DELTA-TANGO.
- [ Man #2 ] I CAN'T FLY IT.
I, UH--
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO FLY IT.
HE'S ON COURSE
FOR INDIANAPOLIS.
DOWNTOWN HIGH-RISES?
NO, BUT OVER CITY LIMITS.
ARE YOU GONNA SPLASH HIM?
- SOMETHING'S GONNA HAPPEN
IN THE NEXT HUNDRED MILES.
- [ Man #2 ] I CAN'T, UH--
- LOOK--
- [ Man #1 ] WINDSTREAM PILOT,
IDENTIFY YOURSELF.
WHAT? WHAT?
PARTCH, BILL.
I, UH--
I-- I, UH--
[ Phone Ringing ]
SIDESHOW.
FLIGHT PLAN SHOWS PILOT AND ONE
OUT OF FENCEBORO, NEW JERSEY
FOR NEW ORLEANS.
THEY'RE TRYING
TO I.D. THE GUY.
PARTCH.
WELL, YEAH,
IF THAT'S HIM.
HOW'S THE GIRL?
WE PUT HER UPSTAIRS
IN THE ATTIC.
IS SHE OKAY?
NO.
SHE'S ALL RIGHT.
[ Door Opens ]
GET INTO THE BATHROOM.
MY BLOUSE.
IT AIN'T THE FIRST TIME
AN ARMY WIFE CLEANS
SOMEBODY'S BLOODY BLOUSE.
GO ON.
GET INTO THE BATHROOM.
[ Door Closes ]
YOU AND ME, SON--
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO ABOUT IT?
-YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE I'VE BEEN.
-WHERE YOU BEEN?
I'VE BEEN IN COMBAT!
WHAT'S THAT LIKE?
IF YOU AIN'T SEEN IT,
THEN YOU CAN'T KNOW.
IT'S LIKE THE GRAND CANYON.
ALL RIGHT.
BUT WHAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND
IS WHAT GIVES YOU THE LICENSE
TO BEAT UP ON A WOMAN?
YOU WANNA
TALK ME THROUGH THAT?
[ Knocking ]
- YEAH?
- [ Sighs ]
SEE YOU SOON, ALL RIGHT?
YOUR FATHER'S
GOING TO BED NOW.
BE GOOD.
DRIVE CAREFULLY.
I MAY BE HERE FOR A WHILE.
WELL, SON,
I JUST GAVE YOU 1/10th
OF THE LICKING
YOU DESERVE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING
HITTING ON YOUR PRETTY
LITTLE PREGNANT WIFE?
I DON'T LIKE TO SAY IT.
- WELL, I DON'T TRULY CARE.
- THEY CALL IT P.T.S.D.
OH.
YOU'RE ASHAMED TO TELL ME
THOSE INITIALS, BUT YOU AIN'T
ASHAMED TO HIT YOUR WIFE?
WELL, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
WE'RE GONNA START AGAIN.
I, UH--
I NEED SOME HELP UP HERE.
I GOT ENOUGH BOOZE IN ME
TO FLOAT THE SANTA MARIA
UP UTAH BEACH.
PINNACLE, IT'S SIDESHOW.
HE'S A RANGER.
PARTCH ON THE PLANE--
HE'S FIRST RANGERS.
WELL, HE JUST QUOTED ME
VERSE FOUR
OF "CHRISTOPHER COLUMBO."
"SHAKA ZULU PICKLED IN BLEACH,
SANTA MARIA UP UTAH BEACH."
IT'S ONE OF THE BANNED
VERSES OF "COLUMBO."
GO FOR SIDESHOW.
IT'S THE CADENCE
OF THE FIRST RANGERS.
THEY SHOW NO SERVICE RECORDS.
WELL, SIR, I'M TELLING YOU--
YES, SIR, I'LL HOLD.
- ENTERING
INDIANAPOLIS AIRSPACE.
- [ Beeping ]
GO TO YELLOW.
IF HE CROSSES THE FINISH LINE,
PINNACLE'S GONNA SPLASH HIM.
BUT LET'S DO IT BY THE BOOKS.
[ Ringing ]
SIDESHOW.
YES, SIR.
GO TO 1225.
IF HE'S A RANGER,
THEY WANT ME TO TRY
TO CUT THROUGH TO HIM.
- AIRFIELD WITHIN 150 MILES?
- WILLOW FIELD.
"W.L.F."
WINDSTREAM. WINDSTREAM.
DELTA-TANGO.
WINDSTREAM,
THIS IS JIM BARKIN,
WILLOW AIRFIELD.
- COME ON.
WHISKEY-TANGO-FOX. OVER.
- WHO'S THAT?
DID I JUST HEAR YOU
QUOTE "COLUMBO"?
HASN'T THAT SONG BEEN BANNED?
- [ Partch ]
AM I TALKING TO A RANGER?
- OF SOME ANTIQUITY.
LOOK HERE, WINDSTREAM.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME, PAL?
PARTCH, WILLIAM.
WELL, PARTCH, WILLIAM,
I'M NOT GONNA LET
A FELLOW RANGER DOWN.
I CAN'T FLY THIS PLANE, JIM.
I'LL BE DAMNED IF
I CAN'T FLY THIS PLANE.
WELL, LET'S RANGER ON.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
YOU TURN YOUR RADIO TO 2525.
FROM MY EXPERIENCES,
SOMEBODY AT THAT NUMBER
CAN GIVE YOU SOME HELP.
NO, NO, BABE. NO, NO, BABE!
DON'T LEAVE ME!
NO, Y TALK ME DOWN.
OH, MY GOD!
YOU TALK ME DOWN!
[ Phone Ringing ]
- WHY ME?
- I NEED SOMEBODY
THAT I CAN TRUST, PAL.
BABY, I CAN'T EXACTLY SAY
THAT I'M COMPLETELY
CHECKED OUT ON THAT AIRCRAFT.
[ Mouthing Words ]
THIRTY-SIX HOURS.
THIRTY-SIX HOURS AGO,
I WAS IN COMBAT.
AND THAT'S SOME SORT
OF TOUGH TRANSITION--
COMING BACK?
SOMETHING VERY MUCH LIKE THAT.
UH-HUH.
AND THIS TOUGH TRANSITION
IS CALLED SOMETHING LIKE...
POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER?
- WHAT?
YOU DON'T THINK IT EXISTS?
- OH, NO, SON.
I HAVE NO DOUBT THAT IT EXISTS.
WHAT I'M TELLING YOU
IS YOU CAN'T AFFORD IT.
WHY?
BECAUSE YOU GOT A YOUNG WIFE
AND A CHILD ON THE WAY.
AND WHAT DO YOU THINK THEY'RE
GONNA DO, YOU'RE STUCK IN PRISON
FOR A FELONIOUS ASSAULT?
OR TO SET YOU FREE
TO HIT THAT POOR CHILD AGAIN,
WHICH I WILL NOT DO
TO HAVE YOU ACT THE COWARD.
AND I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU DID IN IRAQ
OR WHAT WAS DONE TO YOU,
BECAUSE WE AIN'T GOT
NO WIFE-BEATERS IN THIS FAMILY.
NOW, YOU CAN TAKE THAT P.T.S.D.
AND PUT IT SOMEWHERE SAFE,
BECAUSE I CAN TELL YOU
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU
IN JUST TWO WORDS.
YOU'RE ANGRY.
YOUR UNIT GOT CALLED UP.
YOU WANTED TO MARRY
YOUR GIRLFRIEND. SOME GIRL--
HOW LONG DID YOU KNOW HER?
TWO WEEKS?
YOU COME BACK. YOU'RE MARRIED.
A GIRL YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW,
AND A CHILD ON THE WAY.
YOU'RE ANGRY.
YOU.
BUT DON'T YOU DARE COME LATE,
WHEN THAT SOLDIER'S
GETTING THAT AWARD,
AND TALK ABOUT COMBAT.
HERE. DRINK THIS, SON,
'CAUSE YOU'RE ABOUT
TO HEAR A STORY.
BAKER 52 TO RED LEADER.
COME IN. OVER.
[ Shouting, Indistinct ]
YOU'RE HIT, SIR?
YOU'RE HIT? MEDIC!
I NEED A MEDIC!
- GET A MEDIC HERE NOW!
- [ Man Groaning ]
BLANE!
HE'S LOSING A LOT OF BLOOD.
BRAVO 5-- RED LEADER.
WHERE'S MY AIR SUPPORT?
RED LEADER, RED LEADER,
WHERE'S MY CLOSE AIR SUPPORT?
- BLANE, YOU GOT A MEDI-KIT?
- ROGER THAT.
- YOU'RE ON TOP OF US RIGHT NOW.
- I'VE GOT YOU, L.T.
GET A BANDAGE ON HIM!
HURRY! HE'S LOSING BLOOD!
I GOT IT. TAKE A LOOK.
BLANE, TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE THE BINOCS.
[ Man ]
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY,
LIEUTENANT!
[ Lieutenant ]
WHAT DO YOU SEE ON THE LEFT?
WHAT DO YOU GOT?
COMPANY'S DIRECT ASSAULT, SIR.
WHAT DO YOU GOT ON THE LEFT?
WHAT'S ON THE LEFT?
TANK.
RED LEADER. RED LEADER.
THIS IS BRAVO 5. BE ADVISED.
I GOT A REPORT OF ONE TANK.
[ Man ] MARK YOUR POSITION
WITH SMOKE. REPEAT:
MARK YOUR POSITION WITH SMOKE.
COPY THAT. WATCH OUR SMOKE.
SMOKE. DROP SMOKE.
SMOKE AWAY!
WE GOT SMOKE!
[ Shouting, Indistinct ]
- HELL YEAH! GET SOME!
- GET IT? GET IT?
WE GOT 'EM.
WHOO-HOO!
[ Lieutenant ]
WHAT ARE YOU SEEING?
YOU GET A POSITIVE ON THAT?
TANK'S STILL COMING, L.T.
GIVE ME YOUR SIDE WEAPON, L.T.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GIVE ME YOUR SIDE WEAPON,
L.T.!
- TAKE IT.
- GIVE ME SOME COVER.
GIVE HIM SOME COVER.
GENTLEMEN, I WANT SOME
COVER FIRE! LET'S GO!
I WANT SOME PROTECTIVE FIRE!
GENTLEMEN, LET'S GO!
HE'S IN THE HOLE, SIR.
- YEAH, IT WENT IN!
- WHOO-HOO!
GET SOME!
[ Laughs ]
WHOO-HOO!
[ Lieutenant ]
YOU ALL RIGHT?
[ Jonas ]
THAT'S THE MAN.
THAT'S WHAT YOUR GRANDFATHER DID
AS A PRIVATE
IN A WHITE MAN'S ARMY.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
THEY GAVE HIM FOR IT?
NOTHING...
UNTIL THIS EVENING.
[ Man On Radio ]
PEREGRINE TWO, RETURN TO BASE.
ROGER THAT.
- PEREGRINE ONE,
MAINTAINING POSITION.
- PEREGRINE TWO, R.T.B.
IT'S A WINDSTREAM 45,
AUTOPILOT AT 22 THOU.
THANK YOU.
GET ME THE MET CONDITIONS,
WINDS ALOFT.
I NEED HIS FUEL.
WHAT STATE'S THIS GUY IN?
DRUNK AND SCARED.
MM-HMM. AND TO WHAT
DO WE OWE THE HONOR?
- GOT FIXATED ON ME
AND FROZE UP.
- DID HE CLEAR THE AIRSPACE?
OH, HE CLIPPED INDIANAPOLIS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND YOU JUMPED IN FOR HIM?
WHO ARE YOU?
JIMMY BARKIN, WILLOW AIRFIELD.
- MM-HMM. AND WHY YOU?
- [ Partch On Radio ] JIMMY?
JIMMY?
YEAH, BILL, I HEAR YOU.
YES?
- DID YOU--
DID YOU GET THAT INFORMATION?
- I'VE GOT IT RIGHT HERE, BILL.
WINDSTREAM 45.
CAN YOU TALK ME DOWN, JIMMY?
CAN YOU TALK ME DOWN?
BECAUSE I THINK
I'M GONNA DIE HERE.
I'M GONNA DO
MY DAMNEDEST, BROTHER.
JIMMY, I NEED--
YOU-- YOU--
YOU'RE A RANGER, RIGHT, PAL?
BORN AND BRED.
BILL, WHAT'S YOUR FUEL STATE?
YOU LOOK DOWN ON YOUR RIGHT.
NO, HE'S IN
THE RIGHT-HAND SEAT.
ON YOUR LEFT,
RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE.
THE MIDDLE OF THE CONSOLE. FUEL.
I WANT YOU
TO READ IT TO ME.
IT SAYS 200.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW, BILL,
I'M GONNA TALK YOU DOWN
TO MY AIRFIELD.
YOU STILL WITH ME?
[ Partch ]
IS THERE ANY WAY
I CAN TALK TO YOU, JIMMY?
A SECURE FREQUENCY TO YOU?
- JUST ME?
- I-I CAN'T HAVE
EVERYBODY LISTEN IN.
BILL, YOU REMEMBER
THE NUMBER OVER THE MESS HALL
AT CAMP RUDDER?
I DO.
ADD 23 TO THAT,
REPEAT THE FIRST NUMBER,
AND GO TO THAT FREQUENCY.
WON'T BE ANYBODY THERE BUT US.
[ Snapping Fingers ]
ADD SOME STATIC TO THAT.
IT'S A POOR CONNECTION.
[ Static On Speaker ]
- THIS IS WILLOW FIELD.
WILLOW FIELD TO DELTA-TANGO.
- JIM? JIMMY?
YOU READ ME, BILL?
IT'S A WEAK CONNECTION.
JIMMY!
I HEAR YOU.
JIM,
I'VE KILLED A LOT OF PEOPLE.
[ Knocking ]
[ Jonas ]
COME.
IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK
WE LACK HERE?
IF I DIDN'T,
I WOULDN'T BRING IT.
WHAT'S THE QUESTION
ON YOUR MIND, SON?
YOUR UNCLE'S
SPEAKING TO YOU, DARRYL.
WHAT'S THE QUESTION
ON YOUR MIND?
- HOW'S MY WIFE?
- SHE'S GONNA BE FINE IF--
- SHE'LL BE FINE
WHEN I'M DONE WITH HIM.
- [ Door Opens ]
HERE YOU GO, DADDY.
MMM.
HOW'S YOUR GRANDFATHER?
OH, HE'S ASLEEP
BY THE FIRE.
YOUR GRANDMOTHER?
SHE WENT TO BED.
SON, TODAY IS
THE PROUDEST DAY OF MY LIFE.
THE ARMY, 50 YEARS LATE,
AWARDED TO MY FATHER...
THE SILVER STAR.
NOW, I WANNA ASK YOU A QUESTION.
WHAT TOOK THEM SO LONG?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
IT'S A TWO-PART ANSWER.
I'LL BE UPSTAIRS.
ONE, THE ARMY DON'T LIKE
TO GIVE OUT THAT TIN
TO ENLISTED MEN.
OH, OFFICERS WILL DECORATE
EACH OTHER LIKE IT'S HALLOWEEN.
THEY'LL GIVE THEMSELVES
A SILVER STAR FOR KNOWING
THE DAY OF THE WEEK.
BUT ENLISTED MEN?
YOU GOTTA DO SOMETHING,
AS YOUR GRANDFATHER DID,
TO MAKE THEM GAPE WITH AWE.
AND TWO,
WHAT TOOK THEM SO LONG...
IS THE ARMY OF THAT DAY
DID NOT ADMIRE
TO DECORATE A BLACK MAN.
AND I DO NOT WANT TO HEAR
YOUR TALE OF WOE,
BECAUSE YOU DO NOT KNOW
WHAT THAT MAN CAME BACK TO.
MY FATHER HAD BEEN BACK
FOR SOME YEARS,
AND PRESIDENT TRUMAN,
AS YOU REMEMBER,
INTEGRATED THE ARMED SERVICES.
NOW, WHY DID HE DO THAT?
BECAUSE THE COMBAT VETS,
THE BLACK COMBAT VETS,
WERE LEAVING THE JIM CROW ARMY,
AND THE GOVERNMENT JUST LOST
ITS N.C.O. CORPS.
[ Brakes Hiss ]
SO WE WERE IN TRANSIT--
FORT RILEY.
MAMA HAD GONE DOWN
TO MISSISSIPPI, AND MY DAD TOOK
ME DOWN SO WE COULD MEET HER.
NOW, THIS WAS
A PRETTY SPECIAL TREAT,
'CAUSE THERE I WAS,
JUST ME AND MY HERO.
WE HAD A 10-MINUTE REST STOP,
AND I HAD BEEN,
FOR THE LAST LEG OF THE TRIP,
CALLING OUT FOR
AN ICE-COLD SODA.
CAN I GET A COLA, DAD?
YOU WANT A COLA?
MM-HMM.
BUT MY FATHER WAS LEGITIMATELY
RELUCTANT TO LET ME GO
INTO THAT ALL-WHITE RESTAURANT.
SEE YOU TOMORROW? BYE.
ALL RIGHT, GIRL.
WE'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
EXCUSE ME, MISS?
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
I CAN DO THAT.
OH, NO, NO.
HEY!
ALL RIGHT, NOW,
HE'S JUST A YOUNG BOY.
YOU GOT NO QUARREL WITH HIM.
ALL RIGHT, SON.
YOU STAY RIGHT HERE.
IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT?
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'
TALKIN' TO THAT WOMAN, BOY?
I GOT NO QUARREL WITH YOU,
AND YOU GOT NO QUARREL WITH ME.
FIRST OFF,
YOU WANNA TALK TO ME,
YOU CALL ME "SIR."
AND NEXT,
WHAT THE HELL YOU DOIN'
GOT UP IN THAT COSTUME?
- IT'S CALLED A UNIFORM.
- NOT IN C.I.B. IT AIN'T.
ARE YOU TELLING ME
YOU SAW SOME ACTION?
THAT'S RIGHT.
- THEY LET THE NIGGERS FIGHT?
- THEY LET ME FIGHT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOIN'
TALKIN' TO THAT WOMAN?
I ASKED HER TO BUY
A SODA FOR MY SON.
- WHERE YOU FROM, BOY?
- "MISTER."
CAN I TELL YOU SOMETHING?
YOU'RE FRIGHTENED.
I'VE SEEN SOME ACTION,
MAYBE YOU HAVE TOO,
AND I KNOW WHAT FEAR LOOKS LIKE,
AND YOU'RE SCARED TO DEATH.
AND I'M GONNA TELL YOU WHY.
"YOU'RE FRIGHTENED,
AND I'M GONNA TELL YOU WHY."
HE SPOKE BACK TO THEM?
- HE SPOKE UP TO THEM.
- WHAT DID HE SAY?
ARE YOU WORTHY TO HEAR IT?
BECAUSE THAT IS A QUESTION,
DARRYL,
I ASK MYSELF AT THOSE TIMES
WHEN I AM FRIGHTENED.
AM... I... WORTHY?
AS THAT MAN,
WHATEVER HE FELT,
HE SHOWED NO FEAR
TO TWO ARMED MEN...
WHO WANTED TO LYNCH HIM
IN FRONT OF HIS SON.
AND HE KNEW, OF COURSE,
THAT HAD THEY KILLED HIM,
THEY WOULD'VE KILLED ME TOO.
AM I AFRAID TO DIE?
I CAN'T TELL YOU.
BUT I CAN TELL YOU THIS.
I'D RATHER DIE THAN SPEND
THE REST OF MY LIFE KNOWING...
THAT I KILLED A MAN
AND HIS YOUNG SON FOR NOTHING.
FOR NOTHING.
NOW, LISTEN TO ME.
COME ON.
LET'S GO.
[ Chain Rattling ]
YOU OKAY?
ALL RIGHT.
COME ON.
[ Pilot ]
STATUS REPORT, PEREGRINE ONE.
[ Pilot #2 ]
HE'S MAKING A STARBOARD TURN.
ROGER. GOING STARBOARD.
- YOU STILL THERE?
- I HEAR YOU.
I, UH--
YOU GOT THAT AUTOPILOT ON?
YEAH, I DO.
LISTEN, JIMMY.
LISTEN.
LISTENING.
DO YOU BELIEVE IN JUDGMENT?
I BELIEVE IN GOOD JUDGMENT.
IN FACT,
THAT'S ONE OF THE RULES
BY WHICH I TRY TO RULE MY LIFE.
DO YOU BELIEVE
IN THE JUDGMENT OF HEAVEN?
WELL, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
LET'S-- LET'S LEAVE THAT
FOR ANOTHER DAY.
NOW, BILL, WE'VE GOT YOU
ON WHAT US PILOTS CALL
A RACETRACK PATTERN.
AND I WANNA COMPLIMENT YOU
ON THE WAY YOU'VE PUT
THAT INFORMATION TO USE.
YOU KNOW, JIM,
YOU CAN SAVE IT.
I'VE BEEN MANIPULATING MEN
MY WHOLE LIFE.
YOU DON'T WANNA CON
A CON ARTIST.
I AIN'T TRYING TO CON YOU.
I'M JUST TRYING TO
GET YOU DOWN IN ONE PIECE.
YEAH. WELL,
YOU AIN'T THE ONLY ONE
TRYING TO BRING ME DOWN.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I THINK MOTHER NATURE'S
GOT IT IN FOR ME TOO.
I'M ICING UP.
I THINK THIS PLANE'S ABOUT READY
TO FALL OUT OF THE SKY.
[ Rapid Beeping ]
[ Alarm Blaring ]
[ Man On Radio ]
INTERCEPTOR, RETURN TO BASE.
ROGER THAT.
PEREGRINE ONE, R.T.B.
THE PLANE'S FALLING.
WILLOW? WILLOW?
THE ICE!
DELTA-TANGO,
THIS IS WILLOW FIELD.
I'M ICING UP!
PULL UP THE BAR
ON THE LEFT-HAND SIDE.
I KNOW YOU ARE,
AND I'M GONNA CURE IT.
REACH DOWN ON THE CONSOLE
BY YOUR LEFT HAND.
YOU'RE GONNA SEE
A LITTLE YELLOW BAR.
PULL THAT BAR UP NOW.
[ Partch ]
THE PLANE'S OUT OF CONTROL!
- PUT THE NOSE DOWN.
- GET YOUR NOSE DOWN.
KEEP YOUR NOSE DOWN.
A LITTLE PUSH FORWARD
ON THE YOKE.
[ Beeping Stops ]
[ Alarm Stops ]
NOW WE GOT HIM ON AUTOPILOT.
WHY DID THE F-15 LEAVE OFF?
- WILLIAM PARTCH.
- MM-HMM.
MY CALCULATIONS, YOU GOT ABOUT
A HALF AN HOUR-- YOU WANT ME
TO TALK THIS GUY DOWN?
LOOK, THE GUY IS DRUNK.
HE'S SCARED OUT OF HIS MIND.
I SAY WE KEEP HIM CIRCLING
A FEW MORE MINUTES,
LET THE ADRENALINE BURN OFF.
AND HE SAYS HE'S A RANGER?
SO HE SAYS.
YOU KNOW WHAT I LIKE
ABOUT THIS SITUATION?
YOU TELL ME.
NOTHING.
YOU THINK HE'S A TANGO?
I THINK HE'S NOT, OR ELSE
THEY WOULD'VE SHOT HIM DOWN
WHEN HE CLIPPED INDIANAPOLIS.
SO WHO THE HELL
IS THAT GUY UP THERE?
SOUNDS LIKE A GUY
THAT WANTS TO DIE.
RANGER WANTS TO DIE,
WOULDN'T HE EAT THE GUN?
SHAME, SON,
IS THE GATEWAY TO GRACE.
SHAME IS THE GATEWAY
TO GRACE.
YOU'VE GOT TWO PEOPLE
TO APOLOGIZE TO.
THINK A MINUTE
ABOUT WHO THEY ARE.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE
MUCH OF A PARTY, DID YOU?
THAT'S HOW IT GOES.
TAXI'LL BE HERE IN 30 MINUTES.
DID YOU GET ANY SLEEP?
GOT A WINK OR TWO.
TEESHA, RIGHT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
MY NAME IS JONAS.
I'M YOUR UNCLE.
I'VE GOT TWO QUESTIONS FOR YOU
ABOUT YOUR HUSBAND.
ALL RIGHT.
AND I WANT YOU
TO TELL ME THE TRUTH,
BECAUSE WHATEVER THE TRUTH,
WE'RE GONNA
TAKE CARE OF YOU.
DO YOU LOVE YOUR HUSBAND?
YES.
NOW, TELL ME THE TRUTH
AS YOU KNOW.
DOES HE LOVE YOU?
YES.
HE LOVES YOU?
ALL RIGHT.
YOU FIX THIS UP.
NOW, LOOK.
SOMEBODY TOLD HIM...
HE'S GOT THE RIGHT TO BE ANGRY
COMING HOME FROM COMBAT.
BUT WE HAD A LITTLE TALK,
AND I'VE EXPLAINED
SEVERAL THINGS TO HIM.
AND I BELIEVE HE UNDERSTANDS.
NOW, YOU LOOK TO ME
TO BE A TREASURE OF A WIFE,
AND HE'S GONNA
TREAT YOU WITH RESPECT.
SHOULD HE NOT--
MOLLY, TELL HER
WHAT SHE'S GONNA DO.
YOU WILL LEAVE HIM.
SHOULD HE STRIKE YOU--
YOU WILL CALL
THE POLICE RIGHT NOW.
NOW ON THAT BASIS,
WILL YOU TAKE HIM BACK?
[ Mack ]
BILL? BILL?
HEY, JIMMY.
- WE'RE GONNA LAND
THIS PLANE HERE, RANGER.
- YOU CHECK OUT ON THIS PLANE?
YES, I DID.
THEY GOT A GUY LIKE YOU
CHECKED OUT ON
A $40 MILLION AIRCRAFT?
I LEARNED TO FLY IT
IN THE SERVICE, BILL.
[ Partch ]
YOU LEARN TO FLY IT
IN THE RANGERS?
NOW, YOU'RE FIRST RANGERS.
IS THAT RIGHT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
19-SENNY.
HEY, 19-SENNY.
ALL RIGHT.
- YOU REMEMBER THE COLOR OF
THE COMMANDANT'S WIFE'S HAIR?
- I DON'T RECALL, JIM.
ASK HIM THE NAME
OF THE COOK'S DOG.
- BILL, YOU REMEMBER
THE COOK'S DOG?
- WHO AM I TALKING TO?
WHO AM I TALKING TO?
YOU'RE TRYING TO KILL ME.
-YOU GUYS ARE TRYING TO KILL ME.
-WHY WOULD ANYONE
WANT TO KILL YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHY WOULD THEY WANNA
KILL THE PILOT?
THEY KILLED THE PILOT?
WHO, BILL?
- HOW'D THE PILOT DIE?
- BILL, HOW DID THE PILOT DIE?
THAT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
IT SURE AS HELL
WASN'T NATURAL CAUSES.
FELLA DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE A RANGER.
'CAUSE HE AIN'T A RANGER.
WHY? BECAUSE HE COULDN'T
REMEMBER THE COLOR OF
THE COMMANDANT'S WIFE'S HAIR?
CENTRACOM Z.
IT'S REGISTERED TO A COMPANY
CALLED CENTRACOM Z.
THAT'S FINE.
BUT CENTRACOM Z
DOESN'T EXIST.
IT'S AN ACCOMMODATION ADDRESS
FOR A HOLDING COMPANY
REGISTERED IN LIECHTENSTEIN.
THE AIR FORCE ESCORT
LEFT OUR GUY ALONE.
MM-HMM.
WHY?
[ Partch ]
WILLOW FIELD? JIMMY?
WHATEVER YOUR NAME IS?
[ Mack ]
THIS IS WILLOW FIELD.
JIMMY, I, UH--
I'D LIKE TO TALK TO YOU.
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO IT.
JIMMY, WILL YOU HELP ME
BRING THE PLANE DOWN?
IF YOU HELP ME
BRING THE PLANE DOWN,
I'LL COME IN AND TALK.
WHY'D THE AIR FORCE ESCORT
LEAVE HIM ALONE?
THAT'S WHAT I'M HERE FOR, BILL.
WE'RE GONNA HELP YOU
BRING THE PLANE DOWN. NO FEAR.
IF YOU HELP ME BRING
THE PLANE DOWN, I'LL--
YOU TELL 'EM. I'LL COME IN.
- TELL WHO, BILL?
- [ Ringing ]
SIDESHOW.
ROGER.
FROM PINNACLE.
WE'VE BEEN ORDERED
HANDS OFF.
THEY'RE DEALING WITH THE PLANE.
[ Chuckles ]
AIN'T NOBODY TALKING
TO THAT PLANE.
[ Partch ]
JIMMY, WILL YOU--
WILL YOU HELP ME?
WILL YOU-- WILL YOU-- WILL YOU--
WILL YOU HELP ME, JIMMY?
CLEAR THE ROOM OUT!
I SAID CLEAR OUT THE TOC!
LET'S GO!
[ Woman ]
CLEAR THE ROOM OUT.
STAND BY.
PUT IT ON STANDBY.
I SAID CLEAR OUT THE TOC.
LOOK, ARE YOU SURE
THIS GUY'S NOT A TANGO?
AIN'T A TANGO.
THE AIR FORCE
WOULD'VE SPLASHED HIM...
IF THEY THOUGHT
HE HAD TERRORIST INTENT.
WHO IS HE?
SOME GUY TRAINED WITH THE
RANGERS BUT HE AIN'T A RANGER.
YOU KNOW WHO THAT IS.
- SOMEBODY IN BLACK OPS.
- AND?
AND HE CROSSED THE LINE.
I THINK THEY'RE FINISHED
WITH HIM.
LOOK, WE'VE BEEN ORDERED
TO LEAVE HIM BE.
THAT TRANSMISSION
WAS GARBLED.
I'VE GOT THE TOC TONIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
WINDSTREAM DELTA-TANGO,
THIS IS WILLOW FIELD.
THIS IS CAPTAIN TOMMY WHITE.
- I HAVE 300 HOURS IN TYPE.
- I CAN'T FLY THIS PLANE, FELLA.
OH, YES, YOU CAN,
AND I'M GOING TO TALK YOU DOWN.
NOW, I WANT YOU
TO DISENGAGE THE AUTOPILOT.
I KNOW YOU KNOW HOW TO DO THAT,
AS YOU'VE DONE IT BEFORE.
RAISE WILLOW FIELD.
I'M SURE THERE'S NO ONE THERE,
BUT THERE'LL BE A RADIO CODE
TO GET THE LIGHTS ON.
I DON'T WANT HIM MUCKING
WITH THAT FROM THE COCKPIT.
DO YOU WANT ME TO GO
THROUGH THE F.A.A.?
NO.
UH, GET ME THE CODE ONLINE--
SKYDATA.US.
WILLOW FIELD-- W-L-F.
WHISKEY-LIMA-FOX.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S MAKE
A RIGHT TURN HERE, BILL.
YOU WATCH THAT COMPASS.
- CAPTAIN, I'M, UH--
I'M RUNNING LOW ON FUEL.
- YOU'RE NOT GONNA NEED IT.
I'M GONNA HAVE YOU
ON THE GROUND
IN ABOUT FOUR MINUTES.
RIGHT TURN.
HERE'S HOW WE'RE GONNA DO IT.
YOU'RE GONNA TURN THE WHEEL...
SLOWLY TO THE RIGHT.
AND GIVE IT THE LEAST,
LEAST LITTLE AMOUNT
OF RIGHT RUDDER.
THAT'S THE PEDAL
RIGHT BY YOUR RIGHT FOOT.
EASY NOW. WATCH.
THAT'S GOOD.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE A NATURAL AT THIS.
OKAY, YOU'RE COMING AROUND.
EASE IT OFF. EASE IT OFF
WHERE YOU WANNA END UP.
WATCH THAT COMPASS.
14 DEGREES.
THAT'S CORRECT.
- GOOD.
- [ Ringing ]
LET IT RING.
NOW, I WANT YOU
TO CLEAR YOUR MIND.
THIS PLANE CAN FLY ITSELF.
ALL YOU GOTTA DO
IS TALK SWEETLY TO IT.
GIVE ME
YOUR COMPASS HEADING.
142 DEGREES.
GOOD. I WANT YOU
TO SET YOUR DESCENT
AT 1,500 FEET A MINUTE.
YOU'LL FIND THAT WHEEL
JUST BEYOND THE STEERING YOKE.
YOUR COMPASS--
TRUE IT UP.
YOU COME BACK TO 14 DEGREES,
YOU HIT THAT
G.P.S. BUTTON TWICE.
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
[ Beeping ]
I SEE A DISPLAY.
WHISKEY-LIMA-FOX.
THAT'S THE AIRPORT,
WILLOW FIELD,
ABOUT 10 MILES AHEAD.
- [ Partch ]
THAT'S THE AIRPORT?
- HOW ABOUT THAT?
NOW, YOU SEE A LITTLE NUMBER
UP ABOVE THE AIRPORT?
A LITTLE NUMBER THERE?
I DO.
READ IT TO ME.
883.5.
TELL ME YOUR ALTITUDE, PLEASE.
SIX--
5,800 FEET.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S GO BACK TO THAT G.P.S.
NOW, DOWN ON YOUR LEFT SIDE
OF THE NAV CONSOLE, THERE'S
A LITTLE SQUARE MARKED "A.L.B."
- YOU SEE THAT SCREEN?
- I DO.
YOU KNOW, MANY PEOPLE PAY
MULTIPLE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
FOR THE SAME INSTRUCTION...
I'M GIVING YOU RIGHT NOW,
YOUNG PILOT,
FREE, FOR GRATIS.
- [ Phone Continues Ringing ]
- WHY DON'T YOU GO AHEAD AND HIT
THAT LITTLE A.L.B. SQUARE.
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
A DIAL PAD.
[ Chuckles ]
HOW ABOUT THAT?
ALL RIGHT.
I WANT YOU TO INPUT 883.5.
THE AIRSTRIP LIGHT UP?
DO YOU SEE THE AIRSTRIP?
DO YOU SEE IT?
YES.
I SEE IT.
I, UH--
NOT NOW.
- THERE'S A COUPLE OTHER THINGS
WE HAVE TO DO RIGHT NOW.
- WHOEVER YOU ARE--
I'LL BUY YOU A DRINK AT THE BAR.
TELL ME YOUR ALTITUDE.
LISTEN, I, UH--
I CAN'T DO THIS WITHOUT YOU.
WELL, YOU DON'T HAVE TO, OKAY?
JUST TELL ME YOUR ALTITUDE.
UH, 3,200 FEET.
OKAY. KEEP A LITTLE
FORWARD PRESSURE ON THE YOKE.
[ Phone Continues Ringing ]
KEEP YOUR NOSE DOWN.
THAT'S GOOD, MR. PARTCH.
[ Ringing Continues ]
MAKE THAT PHONE STOP!
- MY REAL NAME--
- LOOK, TELL ME LATER.
WE'RE NOW GOING TO GENTLY
RETARD THE THROTTLES.
SO PUT YOUR LEFT HAND ON THEM
AND TELL ME YOUR AIRSPEED.
- 240.
- GOOD. GOOD. PULL BACK
ON THE THROTTLES, MR. PARTCH.
I WANNA TELL YOU MY REAL NAME.
I KNOW YOU DO.
BUT LISTEN TO ME.
WHEN YOU TOUCH DOWN, THERE ARE
GONNA BE SOME CROSSWINDS.
SO WHEN YOU DO,
I DON'T WANT YOU TO TALK.
I JUST WANT YOU TO LISTEN, OKAY?
PULL BACK ON THE THROTTLES.
PULL THEM TOWARDS YOU.
- LISTEN, IF I DON'T
MAKE IT THROUGH--
- PULL THE THROTTLES.
I NEED SOMEONE TO KNOW.
WHATEVER YOUR NAME IS,
I WANT YOU TO--
- MY REAL NAME--
- HE'S GOTTA FIGHT
THOSE CROSSWINDS.
DELTA-TANGO.
DELTA-TANGO!
[ Static On Speaker ]
SOMEBODY'S JAMMING
THE TRANSMISSION.
I CAN CUT RIGHT THROUGH THAT.
DELTA-TANGO.
SEEMS THAT WE CAN'T.
WHO'S GOT THAT TECHNOLOGY?
WILLOW FIELD
TO WINDSTREAM DELTA-TANGO.
WILLOW FIELD TO WINDSTREAM
DELTA-TANGO-3-5-NINER.
- HE'S LOSING CONTROL.
- WHY?
WILLOW FIELD?
[ Rapid Beeping ]
WILLOW FIELD, COME ON!
- [ Alarm Blaring ]
- WILLOW FIELD?
I NEED SOME HELP HERE!
DELTA-TANGO,
YOU HAVE GOT TO FLY THAT PLANE.
DELTA-TANGO?
OH--
[ Phone Ringing ]
[ Sighs ]
SIDESHOW.
WHAT IS THE COLOR OF THE DAY?
WHAT IS THE ANIMAL?
WHAT IS THE THIRD RESPONSE?
WHAT IS YOUR QUESTION?
NEGATIVE.
NOTHING TO REPORT.
SERENA, DRESS WARM.
IT'S COLD OUT THERE TODAY.
WHAT'S SO ALL-FIRED URGENT
THAT WE LOSE YOU ALL NIGHT
TO THE TOC?
OUR FRIEND, MR. GERHARDT,
WANTED HELP STUDYING FOR
HIS SERGEANT MAJOR'S EXAM.
SOUNDS LIKE AN EVENTFUL EVENING.
[ Woman On TV ]
EARLIER THIS MORNING,
THE WRECKAGE OF A SMALL BUSINESS
JET WAS DISCOVERED SOME
25 MILES NORTH OF FARNSWORTH.
THE CRASH APPARENTLY
THE RESULT OF WIND SHEAR.
THE PLANE'S PILOT
WAS KILLED IN THE CRASH.
THERE WERE NO PASSENGERS.
THE BUSINESS JET
APPEARED TO BE HEADING
FOR WILLOW AIRPORT--
WHAT?
BUT NEVER MADE IT.
I SAID, DULL EVENING, HUH?
YEAH. YEAH.
QUITE FORGETTABLE.
[ TV Continues ]
SON, THAT IS A WONDERFUL
YOUNG WOMAN YOU HAD
THE LUCK TO MARRY YOURSELF TO.
WHEN TIMES GET HARD,
AS THEY WILL,
YOU CAN CALL ME
AT THIS NUMBER,
ANYTIME, DAY OR NIGHT.
WHATEVER YOU FEEL, SON,
IN COMBAT, IN LIFE,
YOU HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY
TO UPHOLD.
YOU HEAR ME, SON?
WHATEVER YOU FEEL,
TO THIS UNIFORM,
TO THIS PROUD FAMILY,
TO YOUR RACE.
AND DON'T YOU EVER LET ME
HEAR ABOUT YOU FORGETTIN' IT.
- WHERE'S MY WIFE?
- THAT'S A GOOD START.
SHE'S RIGHT OUTSIDE.
I SAID YOU HAD
TWO APOLOGIES TO MAKE.
WHAT ARE THEY?
I HAVE TO APOLOGIZE
TO MY WIFE.
AND?
AND, SON?
I HAVE TO APOLOGIZE
TO GOD.
I'LL LEAVE YOU ALONE
FOR A MOMENT.
THAT WASN'T MUCH OF A VISIT.
SIR, IT WAS NOT,
AND I BEG YOUR PARDON.
YOU TAKE CARE.
WHAT THEY GOT YOU DOING
DOWN THERE?
YOU STILL SHUFFLING PAPERS
AT FORT GRIFFITH?
THAT'S RIGHT, POPS.
HMM.
[ Horn Honks ]
[ Jonas ]
I'LL GET THE BAGS.
- THANK YOU, SIR.
- HEY, POP?
POP?
YES?
GRANDDAD--
YEAH?
IN THE ALLEY--
WHEN THOSE TWO MEN
TOOK HIM--
YEAH?
HE KILLED 'EM, DIDN'T HE?
YOU BET YOUR LIFE HE DID.
WHAT THE HELL YOU DOIN' TALKIN'
TO THAT WOMAN, BOY? WE'RE
GONNA HAVE TO DEAL WITH YOU!
COME ON, SON.
GET IN THE CAR.
LET'S GO, BOY.
PULL THAT DOOR.
COME ON.
[ Call And Response ]
* FIRED UP
FIRED UP *
* TWENTY-SEVEN
FIRED UP **